feat: add limitations and acknowledgements for forward proxy (#71)
gatling/gatling.io-doc: content/reference/install/cloud/private-locations/network/index.md

    separate proxies for each, based on your infrastructure needs.
* **File Access**: Ensure that truststore and keystore are accessible when using them. Mind that they may be located at
    different places for **Control plane** and **Load generators** depending on the way you mount volumes and/or generated the images.

> * **No filter**: don't limit our API, routes, headers, etc. api.gateway.io is an internal API subjects to change if needed.

Reviewer: **Full access to the api.gateway.io domain**: don't expect to be able to cherry-pick the routes, headers, payloads, etc to allow. This is an internal API, subject to change any time without prior notice.

> * **No filter**: don't limit our API, routes, headers, etc. api.gateway.io is an internal API subjects to change if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Full access** to the api.gateway.io domain: Don't expect to be able to cherry-pick allowed routes, headers, payloads, etc. This is an internal API, subject to change any time without prior notice.
```
